Fixes .values in QuerySet for translatable values (#65)
Aristotle-Metadata-Enterprises/django-garnett: README.md

Cons:
* You need to alter the models, so you can't make third-party libraries translatable.

> * It doesn't work on `queryset.values_list` or `queryset.values` - but we have an easy workaround for both below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* It doesn't work on `queryset.values_list` or `queryset.values` natively - but we have an easy Queryset Mixin to add language support for both below.
```
